the Gaza war is entering its 11th day
after another night of Israeli air
strikes that have killed dozens of
people and wounded hundreds humanitarian
Aid still hasn't been allowed in and
Palestinians are unable to leave as the
borders remain shut at least
288 Palestinians have been killed in
Israeli strike since the conflict began
on the 7th of October more than one in
every three people killed was a child
the death toll also includes health care
workers and journalists on the Israeli
side 1,400 people have been killed in
Hamas attacks that includes at least 299
Soldiers the armed group is still
holding captives in Gaza Israel's
military puts the number at 199 Hamas
says it's between 200 and 250 both
Israelis and foreign Nationals well
let's get the very latest from inside
Gaza and speak to safad alhalo he joins
us on the phone saf what those air
strikes are continuing this morning it's
it's 9:00 a.m. there now how many people
are you aware of have been killed or
injured in these strikes
overnight well the minister of Health
say 70 people at killed in the the in
the S and raids that the Israeli warders
have been carrying since the early
morning or since midnight uh the Israeli
Army carried out raids or strikes and
three different areas in the south of
the Gaza Strip where they ask people to
move in so the the these air stries have
been intensified inun and in RAF and in
der where we are staying now so these
three places which are considered as the
southern part of the G STP are the
places where the Israeli Army ask the
people in Gaza and the the north of Gaza
to move to so uh we we learned that many
families uh those who moved from Gaza
and from the north of Gaza are relocated
in the South have been killed with uh
the other families where they where they
are staying with so so far the rescue
teams ambulances are still trying to dig
uh under the to find more or to try to
pick up more casualties because they
still believe according to their
statement that there are still people
under the rubble of the destroyed places
or places and sa what people are still
gathering at the raff are Crossing into
Egypt hoping that it will
open well until now there is no official
uh decision or statement regarding the
opening ofing from uh for several days
lot of people are still Gathering coming
from different areas and staying near
the ra cursings I hope that uh suddenly
uh there will be a decision by Egypt or
by approved by Israel to open ra
Crossings among them there are hundreds
of forigners including je citizenship
citizenship Palestinians are also
staying there because they were informed
by their embassies and the foreign
Ministries that they they reached an
agreement to uh leave the Gaza Strip to
ra but they told us also that they were
informed that Egypt is still
preconditioning the uh approving or the
opening of Crossing for them to leave
with uh the delivery of the humanitarian
Aid that Egypt have been preparing
together with regional and Islamic
countries who have been sending lots of
Aid uh and St it in Alish in the
Egyption side of
raing safat thank you safat alut
reporting there from inside
Gaza